hey guys so this vlog picks up for the
last one left off I'm in Cambridge I'm
revising or what's new good luck to
everyone who's got exams coming up or
it's currently in the middle of exams
you can do it you can get through this
and also big up Squarespace for
sponsoring this video and yeah let's get
on with it
hey hey hey everyone so we've taken
longer getting ready and back to work
that I thought actually I think it was
needed because obviously I worked all of
yesterday evening and then early this
morning and like I needed a break at
some point and it's not too late now
lunch is in about 20 minutes time so I'm
literally just gonna make a start on
elementary analysis which is the math
topic that I've got sheduled in for
today just like get myself thinking over
the topic and whatnot and then I'll pick
it back up after lunch although I do
have a social this afternoon with the
other cox's of the boat club I will be
back to my work later but then I can
work this evening as well like I did
yesterday so I think that's okay so
we're feeling okay about things
everyone CAF is a happening place today
there are lots of people who are not
students in cap they seem to have big
parties when the students
he's a student here most
we are the last remaining students in
all decades anyway I mean there are
other students this is horrible outside
of time times not a good thing fine
I've just had a roast it's my last carry
it was very very tasty hello everyone so
I've been at Cox's social literally all
afternoon and now we're making staircase
fajitas all four of us that are left for
here tonight woohoo we have a make your
own fajitas kit they seem to have it all
under control so I'm just gonna let them
do the cooking and show them on but yeah
not I'm not hungry cuz Cox is T turned
into rather a Cox's feast and like I had
brownies grapes cookies tea box fish
Pringles anything you know also maybe
having Bucks Fizz midway through the day
I did have watched you afterwards
was that a sensible thing to do perhaps
not but you know what it's nice to see
people especially before we all go home
for the holiday and like it's the end of
term it's fine I know I've been working
hard so far this week and I'm gonna do
work this evening to make up for it so I
don't feel too bad about it anyway I'm
just gonna sort myself out and then go
head downstairs and have dinner with my
staircase
[Music]
hello everyone the heaters have been
made so I am very impressed with the
cooking all the food has been finished
whoa
might be one of the best staircase meals
we've ever had if not to do with who's
here it's to do with the food just power
to everyone who's there we miss you very
very much
and we'll see you soon
[Music]
after dinner I got back to my mass work
and then I video called my family and
spoke to them for a while
[Music]
okay we've done a little bit of work
this evening and I also spoke to my mom
and my sister on the phone I spoke to my
dad earlier as well spoke to the whole
family on the phone what's fab yeah I've
got a bit of work done and not as much
as I had planned to do today but we'll
make it up tomorrow
it's fine and I'm gonna get some sleep
now I have got a video quarter more to
do with the internship that I've got for
the summer just to saw our arrangements
and documents and all that so I need to
remember that and not forget that
because it would look quite bad if I am
NOT on the video call on time anyway I'm
gonna set my alarm nice and early cuz
obviously revision starts bright and
early
[Music]
every one so we've come out and we're
going to go punting this afternoon
because the Sun is out and yes I've
neglected my work but it was a great
excuse to not neglect my work
hello everyone we are punting um oh dear
we're going the wrong way that's doing a
great job of hunting
Emma is now hunting dive every time one
thing you couldn't tell she's steering
us so well it's made some friends we've
lost the darts out such a shame honestly
who's trying to feed a swan earlier
swans attack people I don't want to be
friends with this one this one's gonna
burn this was a very scary freaking go
I've been punting and I think we didn't
go well I was quite shocked but I like I
managed to like take us along a fair
amount of the river so pat on the back
to me it's such a nice day I'm so
pleased the sun's come out today because
it really wants to go hunting this week
we were like the weather's bad and
then the Sun came out here we have some
science students lost in the English
faculty library after Ponting Emma needs
to go and get a book from her faculty so
we thought we'd make a trip out of it
so we are currently in King's College
looking at some special rock
I don't really quite know what it is
only there were student at King's it
would be good if I read the sign
anyway we've been to the English faculty
library it was very exciting my first
time ever there probably my last time
ever there as well we have come to the
Cambridge crepes van that you can see
behind me and I'm gonna have a
strawberries and Nutella crepe and I
can't wait it's an end of term treats
yum yum yum strawberries and Nutella
crepe we went to Sainsbury's and I
wanted pineapple and while I'd usually
go for the pre-cut pineapple chance cuz
I'm not cutting up no pineapple ugur is
apparently a pro at chopping up so you
Joe is gonna chop up a pineapple so we
can all eat pineapple yay but actually
I've had quite a lot of my five a day
today because I had a cherry
Baker one time lunchtime and
strawberries and the tether crane and
now having pineapples
[Music]
although I've had some quite productive
working this morning and I'm just about
to go to cap this is the last calf
actually of time since I'm going home
tomorrow sad times quite hungry at this
point also I'm just not feeling great
today I've got a headache
I've got the worst period pains ever
what is my life but anyway we're just
kind of like working through it
I've taken some paracetamol food will
make me feel better I'm sure afternoon
everyone
so I'm back at my desk I had quite an
extended lunch break but it was fun and
I did some quite productive work this
morning so that was fine I didn't do as
much work as I wanted to do this morning
right because I set my alarm for like
seven o'clock and then when it went off
the first time instead of snoozing it I
just turned it off by accident and so I
ended up getting up like maybe just
before nine o'clock which was not good
because I had planned to be up earlier
but it's fine like as I said earlier
like literally this week is me going so
didn't get as much work done as I
planned but like I am getting work done
at least like I'm not getting nothing
done I'm getting a decent amount of work
done so it's all good yeah just don't
judge me guys like the thing is this is
the week like after an incredibly
intense term maybe I do need that a
little bit of time off just re-energize
you know scary times my exam timetable
for this summer has been published six
exams this year which I knew already but
like I've got the dates and times for
them now are there any on the same day
no they're all on different days that's
good at least I feel like it's good that
this exam table has come out because
like it's gonna keep me focused now I
know the exact dates I'm working towards
anyway I'm gonna get working this
afternoon now
[Music]
hello welcome to the kitchen where
everyone's making dinner and would like
to tell you guys something here at house
you're looking really good
whoop even put your night away and just
empty bowl and my coin I forgot to put
the pasta sauce in it this is the
cambridge student when you putting it in
the microwave pasta sauce is emerging
meanwhile take a guess of what i'm
eating if you know me well you'll know
by now but it is a Tuesday yay hello
everyone so I'm midway through packing
up as you can see my notice board is now
empty my room is the mess that always is
when I'm packing up trouble is it's now
really late in the evening so I think
I'm gonna go to bed my parents are
supposed to be arriving at like 8:00
tomorrow morning so early how are they
getting here so early
so it's annoying cuz normally I'd have
time to like get up slowly and spiritual
packing in the morning but actually I'm
gonna have to get up quite promptly
tomorrow morning to make sure
everything's packed up the good thing is
this time I've managed to organize for
some of my stuff to be left in the
cooler trunk room so then I can keep it
in storage so I've been sorting stuff
into piles I know it does not look
organized but the stuff here is planned
to be staying in college
I won't leave as much as I can basically
in Cambridge because it's easier we
don't have to cart it backwards and
forwards I'm gonna go to bed now so I'm
ready to get up bright and early
tomorrow to finish packing and welcome
my parents hello everyone so I am
packing my room is now looking better
than it was
or my parents are ferrying stuff to the
car I'm just bits and pieces in here and
then I think we're gonna go out for
coffee
and then I'll be off hey everyone so I'm
on my way home we've left we're driving
out of Cambridge anyway would you say
we're out of Cambridge now yeah we're
out of Cambridge the cars really full
surprisingly because I / so much stuff
in storage I've only actually got three
weeks home now so it's a brief time away
from Cambridge but you know it's gonna
be refreshing I'm sure Cambridge is
getting sunny again so next time it's
gonna be so nice in the sunny weather
yes exams are approaching yes I now have
the dates of my exams yes it's all
feeling a bit real but like I'm honestly
just trying not to stress this year but
also this time last year didn't have
enough belief for myself I was like
we're only thinking I'm gonna fair I'm
gonna fail I'm gonna fail no I'm
actually going to pass with flying
colors this year but say that now
because I do believe it anyway home for
some good quality revision everyone else
is doing well with their revision to
whatever you're revising for and one
last thing as I mentioned earlier
Squarespace has really really kindly
sponsored this video they're a platform
where you can build your own website
they have these award-winning designs
you can use whether you're an artist
whether you're a designer
whether you're a youtuber anyone can use
it
they have 24/7 customer support is an
all-in-one platform so new upgrades are
needed a tool no patches are needed it's
all there for you excitingly if you go
to Squarespace comm a /page white then
you can get a free trial and 10% off
your first purchase
so go ahead there now if you're
interested I'll leave a link in the
description box as well and yeah I'll
see you soon with another video also
please like please subscribe please
on Instagram much appreciated okay
that's it now for real bye
[Music]